Captain Joaxi Quin could feel the tinny vibrations of the stabilizers up his arms and into his cheap fillings. The stabilizers on his engines had been barely working since he took command of this trader thrush, and every landing was a jack hammer ride to the surface. The backlog of maintenence on this craft was asstounding. The company that owned it, that owned Captain Joaxi Quin for that matter, was a master of squeezing maximum performance with minimum capital investment. 

What is engine oil level? Asked Capitain Quin curtly.

Oil is at 67% sir. 

Increase thrust to 41%.

“Should you be operating at 67% oil levels capitan? Isn’t that dangerous to the equipment?”

The Companign company auditor had been flying at his side for the past six months. Taking detailed notes, questioning the capitan, his crew, and gobbling up every last ounce of leeway and freedom that being a captain on a far flung trader had granted. 

“Zuoquo Pan thruster engine is one of best ever built. Can safely operate with oil levels below 32% and heat at over 1300 degrees. How do you think we maintain cost effectiveness? Replace every bolt once the paint worn off? ”

The auditor was quiet but the crew laughed and Capitan Quin smilled his gap toothed, silver filled smile. His eyes flicked instinctively to the calendar. 152.083 days until vacation time. He crunched another anti-depresant, rage inhibitor between his teeth.

Engine oil level? 
 52%

Decrease thrust to 21 units. 

Everyone in the cockpit held closely to the nearest support. They knew what 21 units of thrust meant on this graveity. A hard landing,  Everyone except the auditor. He was busy wiggling his fingers over the unseen keys of his data input “let him fall” Thought capitain Quin. I could use another laugh. 

The ship struck the trader thrush with heavy force, enough that the hydraulics film of acid the slug rode on squirted out both sides, like a real bug would splatter. The auditor slammed to the steel floor. Joaxi Quin could feel his stressor readings dropping, like the heat of his engine as his crew shammed the auditor in laughter. 

“Boahui” cried one old woman, and others laughed even harder. The word translated to “land legged boy” 

 The auditor stood. “You filthy hantoese are so crude. Any chance to hoot like a monkey and you take it. You might have warned me.”

“I’m from new loa bong” thought the captain “not that this idiot would care” Most of the corporate structure didn’t take the time to learn any of the ethnic, social religious, or historical facets  that made each unique member of the hundred tribes corporate lumped under “hantoese.” Most just wore the digital translators that barked out common mandrin in stilted automated voices. And this auditor was no different. 

Joaxi Quin was moving before the translator could even start it’s sentance.

“Captain- let’s go to the engine room- I want to inspect the equipment you say isn’t being damaged.” 

He knew english, and could speak it when it pleased him, but any devide he could throw between himself and the auditor he would gladly use. 

Laugher followed them, growing quieter as they climbed hand over hand dropping down the level of the rocket to the engines. The observation platforms were small and crowded. The heat was immense. The air smelled of oil and fuel 

“No touch” the captain said in mandrin, and grabbed the auditors hands. The rails were steaming hot and te captain had seen new engine workers grill the skin off their hands instantly.

Why do you let the engines leak this way capitan? 

“When they stop leaking its the problem. means they are out of oil.” 

“These engines are worth more than you, more than your whole crew capitain. They must be treated with their best longevity in mind.”

“I only get 400,000 credits for maintenance. Full repairs makes no money.”

The capitan leaned agaist the outside plates, the coolest portion of this sweltering bay.

“You’ve just got to utilize the funds you’re given differently capitain. I’m sure you’re just squandering them somewhere, most captains are.”

“Cannot feed crew, maintain engine perfect, and make deadlines.” 

“Well I ashure you don’t have to do all those things.”

The captain took his leave with a quick nod. He’d heard enough. There was always some new squeeze being put on captains. Some new way to push more of the profits to the top. As he passed out of the engine bay he touched his fingers to the dreadlocked hair at the base of his neck. He allowed no other hair to reach even a millimeter of length on his sparse, wiry body. We are given our body, our skin and our hair from our parents. The matted lock, spun with gold wire and jade for luck, was the physical reminder of his connection to his father. 

Hmong Traditional Song plays now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGh-B09y5i0

He spoke to his father now. As the ship depresurized and the everpresent smell of pig flooded the engine room. 
Another ag slug on the nearly four light year long journey around the system.
  “We never would have stood for this father. Not when we were together. Not when we had the oolong. 
Joaxi Quin looked at his stressor indicator wired under the skin of his wrist. . It was level 454. He chewed another tablet, and another.
 “You have seen many things father. But I hope your ship has not become one of the stariving ships.”

As he walked to the decks where the new shipment was being unloaded he could almost hear his father speaking. 

“What are the five duty’s of a captain?”

“Care for his crew as he would care for himself, as his family.”

“Be more clever than his enemy”

“Become rich”

“Leave the gods and ancestors their due”

“Train the next captains to their duty.” 

“Father how can I do these duties with the corporates wires in me telling them everything? And the pills to keep me calm and docile and
 the engines rigged to gas everyone aboard if we steal them? 

You must simply be more clever than your enemy. With enemies like the Copangyoung company that was harder and harder to do. 

The capitain touched his fingers to his temple. A sign of respect to his father. I will see what I can do father. I will see what I can do.

A few fast steps and a slide down the latter railing and he was at the loading dock. He could hear the auditor.
 Complaining to the air in English “What a crude machine. Doesn’t even have lifts! Latters imagine. Suppose its good enough for these animals.”

The doors to the loading section opened with a screech. Crew and cargo pressed in close. They were almost done with their 
loop and the thrush was full to the brim. Men pressed forward with meagre trading goods the thrush would exchange for the bounty of
 agricultural products waiting on the surface. 

The captain watched with pleasure as a market bloomed in an instant from the loading door platform. 
Strong men pulled wires taught and sunk steaks into the rich loamy earth of the biodome floor. 
Others climed like acrobats up the wires, silken hangings strung to their back. A pavilion covered the 
bazzarr from the false sunlight of the mirrored focusers. In a moment the sounds of a pagent erupped and he and his 
people played the practiced part given to them to survive. 

“History is a powerful weapon.” Captain Joquin  could hear his father say. As he walked the stalls and little alley ways of the market bazzar
 he looked for his apprentices. 

As he rounded the sharp corner of a small alley there they were. Three youth, as different as stone, silk, and the fragil body of a broken bug. 

The three youth bowed, their little brown faces  accented by the signs of their apprenticeship, a white towel wrapped around their neck and head.

“Kowareta kamakiri where is the auditor?” Asked the capitain. To a young boy, suspended in grav lifts. 

“He is in the west side market, offending our people and farmers alike with almost everyword he utters, sir.”

Very good said the capitain chuckling at the crippled boys acerbic wit.

And  Shirukuwāmu where are we? He asked the small girl crouching on the edge of a traders roof, her lithe body leaning from the pole she grasped
 like a sailor in the wind. 

“We are in the snakes scales, in the red rome system, on the eigthth of the hags knots.
 The little woman who’s stalls they stood near laughed in pleasure, as if the conversation were about her.
 She smiled a gum filled smile and counted out knots on her kerchief, each tied through a solid gold coin, or looped around a gem,
 or precious vial of machine fluid or spacecraft part, that made up her only ornimentation and fiscal reserves. 

And you Orokana ishi? What are the names of these peoples? 

“This foolish one does not know capitan.” The boys large round face begain to turn crimson under the capitains withering eye. 

The boy was one of the largest humans on the trader thrush. His strength was only rivaled in size by his stupendus stupidity. But he was a QuenQuen,
 and his father had been a capitain, before the war, before the corporate subjugation. He would have the opportunity to be an apperntice, but the Jow Quin 
suspected he would not pass to capitain. 

These people are the Ahaamisarites. The captain looked back in his photo graphic memory at a catalouge he had once read of all t
he gene stock the Company owned. 

Ahaamisarites. Farmers, obedient adherants to the farm commune model of society, these hardy people are known to be excelent producers
 in the roughest of systems. Plant these where others would be depressed, or founder for lack of contact. 
They need little in the way of maintenence, and their faith system gives an added bonus of a sharing mentality and a mind to cost effectiveness
 that any corperation can appreciate. They are not susseptible to revolt, but are ruthless merchants and will gain a controlling interest in any mercantile operation with rapid efficiency.
Do not to give access to credits or stocks. 










Awesome scottish music. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnSNfxjrwck




"Don't we trade with them Capitan?" asked the Stone, a look of genuine concern on his face.

Yes stone we do. With coin minted of plasti-steel. A fourtune here would amount to a pile of twigs at the true
markets. Shall I mint you a kingdom? We've seventy five tons of plasti-steel aboard." said the capitain scathingly.

The boys face turned a deeper shade of red. 

"The only things of real worth here are all the farm products they make." Said silk in a whisper. 

"and the gene stock." Added the mantis. A shrewd one that boy. The captain looked at him with suprize and aproval There was a fortune in humanity here. 
But that trade had been suppressed with the corprate take over. But it would take more than a generation for his 
people to forget their ways. 

So stone- do you see what it is we do here? How does a thrush flourish? 

They walked out of the narrow alley where their tuttoring had begun. Ahamish children chased boys and girls of the 
trader ship playfully. The farmers plain denim contrasted with the patterns and silks of the crew. Everywhere
around the four present and future captains, a carnival atmosphere pervaded. Stalls of brass pots and pans clattered
near the knife sellers juggling their wares and splitting apples off customers heads. The leather workers plied new
soles to boots, machinists welded broken farm machinery. And the ahamish drove sharp hard bargains, and the traders 
paid in worthless coin. The herds and mountains of bounty from the farms made a slow river into the holds. 

But the boy could not see all of this. His eyes were taken by the strange clothes and the bodies of the young ladies
and the strange sounds and foods all around him. 

We bring the farmers their things, their clothes and medicine and glasses, and they give us food, and water, and air.

Mantis and Silk both smiled at the poor fool, unable to see the casino like nature of the pagent around them. 

the capitain shook his head. 

"Stone when you are married- let your wife keep the books." they stopped at a crude wooden stall, a large iron pot
thick with verdigris and soot was bubbling the most apitizing arroma. Pig bone soup. the captain listened 
as the Ahamish woman boasted about how her soup was special because the bones had marinated in a oven of spices
brown sugar for three weeks before they were boiled. She brought him a copper ladel full and motioned him to try it. 

“Capitain” whispered Silk. "The Auditor is at the pig pens."

"Foau song" swore the capitain in the native dialect of his home asteroid. Come on my students. We will have to forgoe our bone broth soup. Stone looked more
upset about that than any of the chiding he had recieved for misisng his lessons. And the Mantis's face grew sour. 
his stunted legs would not carry him at any speed. 

"Vain Stone, stupid Stone" complained Stone to no one in paticular, "Stone is carved of marble but his brain 
is made of clay. Why do you make your body so strong when your mind is so weak? The silk has her cunning charms and wit
the maintis is sharp and cruel, his claws miss no one. But stone has nothing but his stone body to weather the world. 

The young woman looked dejected when the capitain apologized in english, "I am sorry but the duties of a captain
are many. I will return to try your most excellent soup when I have more time." He deftly slid a pouch of coins
into the young woman's hand and made a bow. She blushed at the courtesy and attention. 

The group stood behind Stone, and the Mantis rode upon his back. The farmers and traders alike parted for the massive
youth. The captain watched silk. She practiced her games as they went to the pens. A pocket picked here, a disarming smile there
the red silk scarf dance that the farmers saw as harmless but the captain knew could end a man as softly and silently as a 
whisper and a kiss. 

The the press of bodies and merchandise opened up to a central cirle near the loading ramps of the trader thrush. A sea 
of pig flesh, mirrored the humans on the oposite side of the gate. There were chickens too, and one hundred and fifty one tons of vegitables,
 mostly roots like potatoes, sugar beets and radishes
stood ready to be loaded. The farmer's elders the council of old men that did the bargaining were on the loading dock
and the auditor was speaking to them. A crowd had gathered and was watching the exchange 

"fool" he'll ruin the festival. He'll offend someone or show our hand and it will mean hell from these poor idiots.
The captain made a quick climb onto the dock and listened to the words being exchanged. 
"Yes the Copangion company owns this thrush, and your slug for that matter. You might know who your owners are. Its 
in the perspectus."

"The lord owns this slug, sir. And I'd thank you not to forget it." Said good Brother Marsh his accent thickly germaic. 

"Oh yes, I had read about your religions, quaint to encounter them first hand. Shall we conclude our business good brother?
"I read in the documents your Slug requires 250,000 credits to conclude the business? 

I coulnd't take less than 500000 for this lot of fine pigs. Said Good brother Marsh. 

The captain interjected here. Silk translated, so as to keep the auditor unaware of his english. 

"Auditor, you're here in an observational position. I must protest, dealing with Good Brother Marsh is my duty."

The Company will be making signifcant changes, once my report is delivered. I hate waste and inefficency. These food 
goods are worth enough to raise the company stock three points if we deliver to the kessian mines in a good time. Every
moment you waste here cuts into our profits. Really these shows of trading are unnessisary. Get the merchandise loaded.

The elders eyes went wide. They smelled an opportunity. The crowd begain to chatter. 

The bounty of these farms are our own, and we owe nothing but to God and our conscience. We won't trade for 250,000 or
500,000. We will take 1.5 points of your stock though. Half for you and half for us is a fair trade if you're going to do
so well at these mines.

The Auditors laugh was high pitched and shrill. The traders around him winced, and the farmers stared at his oddity. 

A point and a half of stock? What would you do with stock? You ignorant yokle! Why a point and a half is worth mo

"IDIOT! thought the captain. "If they know their getting swindled they'll never sell." He moved inperceptibly.
Stone's upturned toes made a perfect point to hook his boot. With a deft sweep the giant of a boy was tumbling towards the 
Auditor. 

Watch out yelled the captain with mock concern. The gathered crowd gasped and the loading dock clanked as stone struck the Auditor from his feet
One paticularly large fist hit the auditor square in the nose and blood spattered his uniform. The ships crew laughed mercilessly, but the farmers had better manners
and only giggled behand open hands. 

Stupid Hantonese! Spat the Auditor. I can't wait to be rid of you and your evil customs, this trip has been a burden. See that this boy is punished." The auditor 
pushed himself up from the steel of the loading dock and clamped his gushing nose between two danty fingers. 

Stupid stone indeed! chimed silk as she helped the Auditor to his feet. Your nose is quite broken. I can bring you to grandmother, she can set it for you

I'd sooner take medical attention from those pigs. 

Grandmother is a company certified nurse Auditor, she has certificates and everything. said Silk comfortingly. Her room is clean and her instruments modern. 
Come have a look, you wouldn't want your nose to heal crooked? 

Well I hardly belive a hantonese could achive company certificates, but perhaps she'll have some Oxymendidn for the pain at least.

"Certainly" smiled silk and she led the man back inside the ship. The crowd quited. Attention was back at the deal makers. What would they trade for?
The dramas of the market were the most entertainment this farming comunity would recieve in months, and Captain Jaquin could put on a show. 
he turned back to the elders 

"Good Brother Marsh. The sun is hot and my mouth is dry. And my students cannot seem to keep one foot from tripping the other." Stone was again embarased
The captain made a mental note to thank him for the broken nose. "Perhaps we could pull out the pavilian and share some news of the outside world. Then you
could show us the stock, award your ribbons, and we could conclude our business? Perhaps we could buy a barrel of your excellent beer? 

Good Borhter marsh smiled. The ahamish made a dark thick beer, and they would drink to excess, but only if someone else would buy the barrel. 

The crowd sputtered in exceitment. "Up up! Shouted the captain to a few of his men and they wired more tarpalins over head with deft arobatics. Wooden tables and chairs were brought out.
soon merchant and farmers were gathered dipping leather dirinking skins, and wooden mugs, and ornate brass cups, nto the farmers rich beer. The captain ordered a bowl of the bone broth
soup now that his troubles with the auditor were over. As the good brother's attention was on the new broached barrels of beer Mantis hobbled to the captains side.

"Sir, I've had these forgeries made up while you were talking.  Stock certificates, company holofoil even. They'd fool anyone but a dutch crater banker."

"The penalty for forgery is hands." said the captain without emotion. He studied the young man's bent wrists. The palsy twisted him cruly and gave his arms 
the shape that gave him his name. 

"we're a thousand jumps from the treasury. The closest judge doesn't even work for our company and wouldn't have the codes to check the papers. And the farmers will never
leave this slug, and they'll be the ones holding the evidence." he said calmly. The captain slurped his soup. 

"Show me the papers." mantis unclutched the sheaf of stock certificates with effort. "these are good. quite good. the captain bit the marker and it let a slighly 
sour taste in his mouth. Another stamp of authenticity. 

"Who did these? He should have a gallon of trade grade fuel and two nights in the pleasure houses for his efforts."

"I'll see that he does." said Mantis. 

"And make sure you keep his tools. A captain cannot let crew decide for himself what he should forge or not."

Mantis nodded. "And what would you like for a reward? Said the captain. His eyes narrowed on the boy.

This one's reward is his captains approval." 

"You have it." Said jaouQuin as he stuffed the forged stocks in his leather traders wallet with the ships documents and his captains papers.
Now go make sure the auditor is asleep. 

As you say captain, and the boy shuflled off. 

“That one will see the cracks in every wall. Best to keep him more occupied or he will land an enforcement team on the ship before we have figured out how to disarm the engine defenses. Best keep him busy.” Thought the captain to himself. 

Stone was standing at the captain’s left side smiling absentmindedly at a very busty young ahamish who was singing a rhymin serving song and hefting platters full of brimming beer mugs in rhythm with her singing.
 She would set and sing and set and sing and the people she served would hum as she served them. It made a pleasant sound like the dinging of one of the wooden clocks in the traders stalls. 

As a back drop the trader thrush rose like an obelisk  above the pastoral beauty of the green pasture fields and waving grains golden in the sun. 

The repair crews crawled the hull  of the thrush suspended by grav lifts. Bright blue sparks and welding spatter occasionally marked a new plate being sewed in place with fire and electricity.

One of the men, a new repair man the captain recognized suddenly screamed. The mans grav lift was shattered. A report of automatic fire starteled everyone in the agfield and market. All eyes 
turned to the repairmans body as it cartwheeled in a spray of dropplets of blood and then stopped with a crackling crunch. Gun turrets bristled in a perimiter around each of the ships engines.

An metalic voice was audible above the russtle and chatter of the crowd 

:MAINTAIN 50 METERS DISTANCE FROM MARK IV ENGINES: :PROPTERTY OF THE NEW LAN DALE COMPANY: :TRESPASSERS WILL BE SHOT ON SIGHT: 

“Stone” whispered the capitan almost in the boy’s ears.  The boy started and spilled his beer. 

“yes Capitan”  he said

 “what are those”  Asked JaiJIaQuin  and pointed with a look from his eyes. 

Stone turned and His boots clattered on the metallic grates that formed the base of the trading platform, It stood the height of two men and rose above the bustle of the market. 

Even stone knows this thing said the boy and whipe’ed his hand three times across the back of his ear. 

“These are the eyes of the auditor. They see the things we do” 

"And what do we do stone?"

Stone whispered. “We want our ship back. We want her to be named the Mozu and wave the banners of Shap-ng-tsai and all his sons and their sons and the captains that will be.” 

The captain also made the gesture with his ear to ward off the eyes of the company. 

“Good stone. You will do the trading today.” Said the captain and he fished his leather traders wallet from the side pouch. 
“Captain cap’ “ Stammered Stone. “I do not know the figures of this thing, and what is the price of pigs?” The captain could see the boy redding around the ears and his eyes darting about. 
He looked at the table full of Ahamish all enjoying the barrels of beer he’d bought.

“They’d tear him apart normally” he thought. “Maybe they will now. It will be good for him” 

“Stone you are to give them these as payment.” He handed the forged company stock certificates The holofoil shining brightly in the eternal summer sun. "Don't pay anything. Above .75 points of stock." 

"Sir I don't know what a point of stock is" The captain ignored him as he shuffled the boy closer and closer to the main table of the Ahamish 

Good Brother Marsh was well and plenty drunk by now. The captain had tradded with the elder for many years and he could see the tinge of red even through the mans heavy beard. 
The elders were on a main dias table. It held an auctioneers podium and gavel. The captain had sat through many a fair, part sunday sermon part stock trader's auction

Marsh could smell profits. And Stone was close enough now that the main table of Ahamish all bristled like pointer dogs. Harvest time for the money traders.

"Brothers, Sisters, children of a mighty God, all toilers in the feild and gleaners of the work of the mighty. Once again the duty's have been done, and
our mighty god has fufilled his promise to us. We shuned sloth, and our lovestock grew, we sang in our weariness and the wheat grew near high as our voices to god.

"But now the moment of our stead fastness is at hand." Marsh had gripped the podium deeply and a tinge of sweat marked his fervered brow. He smelled of rich 
brown beer. 

"The trading is at hand! And Bucks and Vixens will be matched" 





THE GIRL'S CHAPTER.

I was a red head once. And my eyes were green. Or maybe blue. My skin was fair with freckles and my greatest care in the world was a winning the first prize ribbon for pigs
and the bolt of callico cloth that came with it. I was to be a blue ribbon vixen that year and eligible to be matched and I wanted nothing more than to wear
a new bonnet and dress of gold and cornflower blue pattern that I had seen in the prizes behind the glass where the candy was the children got for picking most, or 
the heavy boots and duck cloth tousers and tool patterned leather that made the Bucks could win that made them men in the covenant. 

Then Arthur Trillian. I know you know who he is. We've all heard of AT. But I met him. When he was still a living human. 

Arther could read. That is what made me follow him. That is what made me disobey. 



 walked into the the doemed pod of the pig pen and smiled. 

"Alone alone alone littl piggies!" Every square inch of the doeme hung with glistening meat and pulsing organs, a netowrk of tubes and syntheic skin coverings made each pig 
safe from baterial infections. A row after row of paired down pigs, only what was needed to produce meat was grown, and hung in the pulsing pumping network of 
feeding tubes and waste gates.

Sooouie!! Pigs come here to see me! Wendy is off to neck with harris and so the pen is ours today! No gossip, and no complaining! 

The girl bent at a display screen and hundreds of animated pigs came to greet her. Her overalls were tan and crisp but fadded. tools and tassles ornimeted 
the beautiful body of 

"Reggie, and Wattson, and Tilda!" She pressed the noses of the projected pigs and drawn sparkels and stars. Vital signs displayed above their heads. With each button touched her skin flushed and 
the chimes played. Every few moments, at random a little hard pellet would roll out the bottom of the display.

LEMON my favorite. and she popped the food in her mouth and rolled it around her tounge. Her big smile got even bigger. the silava made her mouth shine ans she said
 "check check check!" You look good, you're heart beat is normal. Your, OHHH a red one! We never get those today is a good day! I'm gonna save that one, ok back to chekcing your looing good good
CHARTS DONE! 

and she scooped up the handful of sweet round pips and put them in one of the multitude of pockets in her overalls 

"hungry piggies!" she squealed. Her boots clanked on the steel floor  The flat enterance of the dome had a rusted valve marked FEED. She struggled to turn it, paused, then splayed a wrench through the flanges of 
the valve and used the extra leverage to turn. 

Ok ok ok everyone to their pens now! 

The valve open a slurry of fat and grain poured through an industrial digester. The girl put her arms around the digester. It was warm, she could hear the rushing heart beat of 
the five hundred pigs who's blood pumped around the permialbe memebrane of the digester. Waste flowed out of the blood in the heavy siv at the top, and then clean healthy blood
picked up food at the bottom. 

hungry piggies hungry! good good everyone in their pens. Now how's everyone feeling todaaaaay the girl sung

Shall we all onink a happy tune!! I see you Reggie no grumping! We're happy singers! 

Pigs and pork and pumping hearts 
sweet bacon but no farts! 
remember clean the pipes make the charts.
wipe the sikns and check the heaaaarts!!! 

The girl danced up and down the isles, her flowing strong hair whipping behind her. As she pressed the feed light on each pig the screen showed an imamge of a happy ham slurping from a make belive trough. 

Alright! Everyone fed? Everyone fattening? Time for some exersice! we have to grow those muscles strong! She stopped as one of the pigs on a top row glowed red.

Oh no who are you! she climbed the racks "what's the trouble mr. porker?" ohhh you're leaking! And durring feeding time!? you don't want that you'll go hungry.

deftly the girl pulled a packet of sealant from her overalls. The red blood and the warning light made the skin of her face crimson and her red hair like the blasting of
 a furnace
the leaking tube was sizzled back in place. There we are. Good as new. You're getting fatter by the minute and your ready for exercize. A loud clang snapped throught the room. 

The girl hung behind the repaired pig, her eyes barely visable in the tip top of the multi story tower of meat. 

it was a boy.....

A Technitian! 

"What are you doing here she whispered to herself. Techs aren't alowed out of the tunnels without a work order and there's nothing wrong with the euqipment here...

Watching and waiting are wise... she said to herself. 





















 






    
 
