As for me, I had turned 19 only two days previous, and still
suffered from the native upbringing of a good Christian family. I
lost a lot of that upbringing at Okonda. There was no honor here,
no virtue. The standards of behavior taught in the homes, churches,
and schools of America had no place in battle. They were mythical
concepts good only for the raising of children, to be cast aside
forever from this moment on. No, I didn't feel guilt, shame, or
remorse at killing my fellow man — I felt pride!
— Alan Stuart-Smyth
"Congo Horror"

“Here the ways of men divide. If you wish to strive for peace of soul and happiness, then believe; if you wish to be a disciple of truth, then inquire.”
-Fredirich Neiche 

9The Turing Test, proposed by Alan Turing [126] in 1950, is a test where a human judge interacts with either
another human or a computer conversation program, by typing messages back and forth. The program “passes” the
Test if the judge can’t reliably distinguish the program from the human interlocutor.
By a “strong variant” of the Turing Test, I mean that besides the usual teletype conversation, one could add
additional tests requiring vision, hearing, touch, smell, speaking, handwriting, facial expressions, dancing, playing
sports and musical instruments, etc.—even though many perfectly-intelligent humans would then be unable to pass
the tests!
Imagine a world where humans constantly had to compete with computers. And the ones that didn't pass the test got left behind. 

20One fam

I know that one can call on all the saints in heaven for
help without believing in any God: and it is this that I must describe, even if it means plunging
back into a nightmare for nights at a time. For that is the substance of my task: to reanimate,
with all the intensity I can summon, those distant cries from the slaughterhouse.

guy Sajer forgotten soldier page 143 in the pdf

The health of humankind is not measured just by its coughs and
wheezes but by the fevers of its soul.

dave grossman on killing introduction page 31 in pdf

In winter trenches, cowed and glum, With crumps and lice and lack of rum, He put a bullet through his brain. 
No one spoke of him again. 
You smug-faced crowds with kindling eye Who cheer when soldier lads march by,
 Sneak home and pray you'll never know The hell where youth and laughter go.
suicude in the trenches siegfried sassoon


He believes that the armed forces of
both the West and the East are searching for a chemical answer to
this problem. Gabriel warns that the perfection of a "nondepleting
neurotrop" to be given to soldiers prior to battle would result in
"armies of sociopaths."

dave grossman on killing page 85

Efficient, thorough, strong, and brave — his vision is to kill.
Force is the hearthstone of his might, the pole-star of his will.
His forges glow malevolent: Their minions never tire
To deck the goddess of his lust whose twins are blood and fire.
— Robert Grant, World War I veteran
"The Superman"

The first quality of a soldier is constancy in enduring fatigue and
hardship. Courage is only the second. Poverty, privation and want
are the school of the good soldier.
— Napoleon

I am sick and tired of war. It's glory is all moonshine. It is only
those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and
groans of the wounded who cry aloud for blood, for vengeance,
for desolation. War is hell.
— William Tecumseh Sherman

The force of darkness and destruction within us is balanced with
a force of light and love for our fellow man. These forces struggle
and strive within the heart of each of us. To ignore one is to ignore
the other. We cannot know the light if we do not acknowledge the
dark. We cannot know life if we do not acknowledge death. The
link between sex and war and the process of denial in both fields
are well represented by Richard Heckler's observation that "it is
in the mythological marriage of Ares [the god of war] and Aphrodite
[the god of sex] that Harmonia is born."

If this kind of obedience could be obtained with a lab coat and a
clipboard by an authority figure who has been known for only a
few minutes, how much more would the trappings of military
authority and months of bonding accomplish?

There are many benefits reaped by those who tap the dark
power of atrocity. On killing page 237

Great, now I have this image of redneck angels that wear aviators and carhartt jackets over their robes and take pictures of their buddies standing over dead demons.


7


Reply
Share

User avatar
level 2
Freyas_Follower
 
2 days ago
Now imagine them diving a pick up truck and hunter demons in the back, beside the gun rack.


2


Reply
Share

User avatar
level 3
Laynebutnotlayne
2 days ago
I mean, if there's urban hell than there's rural hell too? 
Shootin back actual fireballs down at the cabin by the Lake of Fire....





The line separating good and evil passes not through states, nor between classes, 
nor between political parties either -- but right through every human heart -- and through all human hearts.
 This line shifts. Inside us, it oscillates with the years. And even within hearts overwhelmed by evil, one small bridgehead of good is retained
― Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago 1918–1956